"An ever-growing number of complex and rigid rules plus hard-to-cope-with regulations are now being legislated from state to state. Key federal regulations were formulated by the FDA, FTC, and the CPSC. Each of these federal agencies serves a specific mission. One example: Laws sponsored by the Office of the Fair Debt Collection Practices prevent an agency from purposefully harassing clients in serious debt. The Fair Packaging and Labeling Act makes certain that protection from misleading packaging of goods is guaranteed to each buyer of goods carried in small shops as well as in large supermarkets. Products on the market must reveal the names of all ingredients on the label. Language must be in clear and precise terms that can be understood by everyone. This practice is very crucial for the lives of many people. It is prudent that we recall that the FDA specifically requires that all goods are pure, safe, and wholesome. The FDA states that all goods be produced under highly sanitary conditions. Drugs must be completely safe and must also be effective for their stated purpose. This policy applies to cosmetics that must be both safe and pure. Individuals are often totally unappreciative of the FDA's great dedication."
"Editing is a growing field of work in the service industry. Paid editing services may be provided by specialized editing firms or by self-employed (freelance) editors. Editing firms may employ a team of in-house editors, rely on a network of individual contractors or both. Such firms are able to handle editing in a wide range of topics and genres, depending on the skills of individual editors. The services provided by these editors may be varied and can include proofreading, copy editing, online editing, developmental editing, editing for search engine optimization (SEO), etc. Self-employed editors work directly for clients or offer their services through editing firms, or both. They may specialize in a type of editing and in a particular subject area. Those who work directly for authors and develop professional relationships with them are called authors' editors."
"Income before securities transactions was up 10.8 percent from $13.49 million in 1982 to $14.95 million in 1983. Earnings per share (adjusted for a 10.5 percent stock dividend distributed on August 26) advanced 10 percent to $2.39 in 1983 from $2.17 in 1982. Earnings may rise for 7 years. Hopefully, earnings per share will grow another 10 percent. Kosy, Klemin, and Bille began selling on May 23, 1964. Their second store was founded in Renton on August 3, 1965. From 1964 to 1984, they opened more than 50 stores through-out the country. As they expanded, 12 regional offices had to be organized. Each of these 12 regional offices had to be organized. Each of these 12 regions employs from 108 to 578 people. National headquarters employs 1,077 people. Carole owns 118 stores located in 75 cities ranging as far west as Seattle and as far east as Boston. She owns 46 stores south of the Mason-Dixon line and 24 stores north of Denver. Carole buys goods from 89 companies located in 123 countries and all 50 states. Carole started in business on March 3, 1975. She had less than $6,000 in capital assets."
"Historically, the fundamental role of pharmacists as a healthcare practitioner was to check and distribute drugs to doctors for medication that had been prescribed to patients. In more modern times, pharmacists advise patients and health care providers on the selection, dosages, interactions, and side effects of medications, and act as a learned intermediary between a prescriber and a patient. Pharmacists monitor the health and progress of patients to ensure the safe and effective use of medication. Pharmacists may practice compounding; however, many medicines are now produced by pharmaceutical companies in a standard dosage and drug delivery form. In some jurisdictions, pharmacists have prescriptive authority to either independently prescribe under their own authority or in collaboration with a primary care physician through an agreed upon protocol."
"Jim and Anne will be in charge of the spring field day to be held in early June. They will ask their friends' aid to get set up. There will be games for the boys and girls. The children will want to hike, ride their bikes, and swim. This yearly event will be held in the new Peach Grove Park. Ruth has work to do on the plans for food for the day. Last year Ruth spent most of her time helping the two cooks with many snacks. Hot dogs, fries, soft drinks, ice cream, and candy apples were big sellers. Apple pie and ice cream sold well too. I hope Ruth serves the same food this year. George Long will hire the band and singer for the day. A great jazz band will play. George's mom leads the group. The jazz band is sure to be one of the big hits. George is to have them play from one to four and also in the evening. The fine songs they will play are sure to please all of us. Nice gifts will be given to all of the winners in each of the events. Local news coverage will include television and newspapers. Joyce Scott will take care of the pictures for the school paper and yearbook. Maybe the national news will do a short story on the tenth annual spring field day."
"One study examining 30 subjects, of varying different styles and expertise, has found minimal difference in typing speed between touch typists and self-taught hybrid typists. According to the study, \"The number of fingers does not determine typing speed... People using self-taught typing strategies were found to be as fast as trained typists... instead of the number of fingers, there are other factors that predict typing speed... fast typists... keep their hands fixed on one position, instead of moving them over the keyboard, and more consistently use the same finger to type a certain letter.\" To quote doctoral candidate Anna Feit: \"We were surprised to observe that people who took a typing course, performed at similar average speed and accuracy, as those that taught typing to themselves and only used 6 fingers on average\" (Wikipedia)"
"Business meetings, and professional recordings can contain sensitive data, so security is something a transcription company should not overlook when providing services. Companies should therefore follow the various laws and industry best practice, especially so when serving law firms, government agencies or courts. Medical Transcription specifically is governed by HIPAA, which elaborates data security practices and compliance measures to be strictly followed, failure of which leads to legal action and penalties. Transcription security includes maintaining confidentiality of the data through information security practices including limiting access with passwords and ensuring a secure environment for data and appropriate methods of disposal of all materials and deletion of files. Personnel may be required to sign non-disclosure agreements on a regular basis as well as take various oaths regarding confidentiality and accuracy.
"REFRIGERATORS are the epitome of clunky technology: solid, reliable and just a little bit dull. They have not changed much over the past century, but then they have not needed to. They are based on a robust and effective idea--draw heat from the thing you want to cool by evaporating a liquid next to it, and then dump that heat by pumping the vapour elsewhere and condensing it. This method of pumping heat from one place to another served mankind well when refrigerators' main jobs were preserving food and, as air conditioners, cooling buildings. Today's high-tech world, however, demands high-tech refrigeration. Heat pumps are no longer up to the job. The search is on for something to replace them. One set of candidates are known as paraelectric materials. These act like batteries when they undergo a temperature change: attach electrodes to them and they generate a current. This effect is used in infra-red cameras. An array of tiny pieces of paraelectric material can sense the heat radiated by, for example, a person, and the pattern of the array's electrical outputs can then be used to construct an image. But until recently no one had bothered much with the inverse of this process. That inverse exists, however. Apply an appropriate current to a paraelectric material and it will cool down. Someone who is looking at this inverse effect is Alex Mischenko, of Cambridge University. Using commercially available paraelectric film, he and his colleagues have generated temperature drops five times bigger than any previously recorded. That may be enough to change the phenomenon from a laboratory curiosity to something with commercial applications."
"NEELIE KROES, the European Union’s competition commissioner, did not mince her words when reporting on Europe’s energy markets on Wednesday January 10th. Europe’s energy firms have failed to invest in networks and so customers are suffering. Those “vertically integrated” energy companies such as Electricité de France (EDF) or Germany’s E.ON, widely dubbed as “national champions”, are effectively behaving like local monopolies. Shy of competition, eager for artificially high prices, they are helping to block the efficient generation, transmission and distribution of energy on the continent. Energy prices vary wildly across Europe. Ms Kroes wants to see cheaper energy, and intends to push suppliers to divest their distribution network and to get them to invest more in transportation systems so that more energy—in the form of gas, or electricity, for example—can flow easily over borders. It is remarkably hard, for example, for gas-poor Germany to import from the neighbouring, gas-rich Netherlands. Companies that dominate national markets have, so far, had little interest in improving the interconnections which would mean lower prices for consumers across the continent. Ms Kroes, of course, will struggle to get her way. The European Commission, which on the same day presented its recommendation for improving EU energy policy, also wants to see the unbundling of ownership, the legal separation of energy suppliers and transporters, something that the integrated energy companies and interested governments, notably in France and Germany, are bound to oppose ferociously."
"The failure of a high-profile cholesterol drug has thrown a spotlight on the complicated machinery that regulates cholesterol levels. But many researchers remain confident that drugs to boost levels of 'good' cholesterol are still one of the most promising means to combat spiralling heart disease.  Drug company Pfizer announced on 2 December that it was cancelling all clinical trials of torcetrapib, a drug designed to raise heart-protective high-density lipoproteins (HDLs). In a trial of 15000 patients, a safety board found that more people died or suffered cardiovascular problems after taking the drug plus a cholesterol-lowering statin than those in a control group who took the statin alone. The news came as a kick in the teeth to many cardiologists because earlier tests in animals and people suggested it would lower rates of cardiovascular disease. "There have been no red flags to my knowledge," says John Chapman, a specialist in lipoproteins and atherosclerosis at the National Institute for Health and Medical Research (INSERM) in Paris who has also studied torcetrapib. "This cancellation came as a complete shock." Torcetrapib is one of the most advanced of a new breed of drugs designed to raise levels of HDLs, which ferry cholesterol out of artery-clogging plaques to the liver for removal from the body. Specifically, torcetrapib blocks a protein called cholesterol ester transfer protein (CETP), which normally transfers the cholesterol from high-density lipoproteins to low density, plaque-promoting ones. Statins, in contrast, mainly work by lowering the 'bad' low-density lipoproteins."